"People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent." - Bob Dylan

"Constantly think about how you could be doing things better." - Elon Musk

"Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end." - Robin Sharma

"There is little success where there is little laughter." - Andrew Carnegie

"Big people don't make people feel small." - Robin Sharma

"No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there." - F. Scott Fitzgerald

"What you resist, persists." - Carl Jung

"There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower." - Honore de Balzac

"You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens." - Rumi

"Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster. " - Anne Wilson Schaef

"I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it." - Mae West

"Invisible things are the only realities." - Edgar Allan Poe

"Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it." - Napoleon Hill

"There are two kinds of perfect people: those who are dead, and those who have not been born yet." - Chinese Proverb

"Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things." - Heraclitus

"Only when one allows themself the right to die, do they then give yourself the permission to live." - C. Sean McGee

"Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out." - Theodore Roosevelt

"It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness." - Eleanor Roosevelt

"Everything is in your own heart." - Thich Nhat Hanh

"We have a duty to maintain the light of consciousness to make sure it continues into the future." - Elon Musk

"There is no right or wrong, only a series of possibilities that shift with each thought, feeling, and action that you experience." - Deepak Chopra

"To judge a man by his weakest link or deed is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave." - Elvis Presley

"Enthusiasm makes up for a host of deficiencies." - Barack Obama

"When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way." - Shunryu Suzuki

"Don't ever save anything for a special occasion. Being alive is the special occasion." - Mary Engelbreit

"Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward." - Unknown

"Life is not just the passing of time. Life is the collection of experiences and their intensity." - Jim Rohn

"Embody what you teach, and teach only what you have embodied." - Dan Millman

"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. " - Lao Tzu

"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." - Rumi

"Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work." - Ralph Marston

"Keep true. Never be ashamed of doing right. Decide what you think is right and stick to it." - George Eliot

"You can never get enough of what you don't need to make you happy." - Eric Hoffer

"Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same, but you leave 'em all over everything you do." - Elvis Presley

"Perfectionism is simply putting a limit on your future." - John Eliot

"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." - Soren Kierkegaard

"Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy." - Isaac Newton

"You may be one person in this world, but to one person you may mean the world." - Unknown

"A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him." - Confucius

"Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Lao Tzu

"A memory is a beautiful thing, it's almost a desire that you miss." - Gustave Flaubert

"Life is the dancer and you are the dance." - Eckhart Tolle

"If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form." - Paramahansa Yogananda

"To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to." - Kahlil Gibran

"Smell the cheese often so you know when it is getting old." - Spencer Johnson

"People do not decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their futures." - Gary Keller

"Enlightenment is intimacy with all things." - Dogen

"Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible." - Marcus Aurelius

"Men trust their ears less than their eyes." - Herodotus

"We may not be responsible for the world that created our minds, but we can take responsibility for the mind with which we create our world." - Gabor Mate